hello today and growed will tell
tell you about the board game memories of
the forty-fourth this game will offer you
feel like a real general and
play at the gaming table
16 scenarios of the Second World War
box with the game according to the tradition of days of
wonder
is a convenient organizer for
gaming components of excellent quality in
the game has a stack of cards 8
unique cubes more than 40 cupcakes
terrain a handful of tokens and two sets
plastic thumbnails before starting
games should choose a script by
which will be a battle in the book
The basic game rules are 16 pieces.
but it is recommended to start at first
objects on the map are placed
in accordance with the image wherein
it is important to remember that a squad of infantry consists
of four infantry armored vehicles from
three tanks and artillery from two guns in
some scenarios use squads
special forces one of the parties for example
french resistance which
has three figures instead
four or a detachment of tanks tiger
which has 4 combat
units and then each player chooses
side conflict and gets
appropriate number of team cards and
the game begins its turn player
plays one of his
hand cards these cards are divided into two types
zoned
and tactical zones and maps define
how many detachments and in which area of ​​the battlefield
the player can give orders for example this
card allows you to give order 3 or
less detachment on the left flank
When playing together, each player is completely
controls all his troops on the battlefield
in four one of the players from each
countries controls the center and the other both
flank and when playing six together every
battle participant controls his zone
fighting
tactical maps special
their actions are usually unique and
written on the map in text form
such cards for example allow troops and
delve recover lost personal
composition or even produce by goal
the player plays the airstrike playing the card
orders that squad which he can
use now he can
move the troops received the order or
leave them in place in combat readiness
moving distance difference for
each kind of infantry troops can pass
one hex and fight or two but lose
opportunities to attack tanks can
drive up to 3 cells and in doing so
keep alert but artillery
can either take one step
either shoot also while moving
must take into account the features
areas are described in detail in
rules and on maps hints for example
the entrance to the forest obliges the detachment to stop
and makes it impossible to attack a river without
bridges
impassable in general as soon as all
movements are done
first battle all the troops that were
given the order choose the target she must
be in direct line of sight from a number that is
between the attacker's dix center and the center
hex defender
there should be no obstacles also goal
should be at a distance
defeat the attacker
infantry uses three dice in the middle
battle 2 against the target 2
cupcake and one cube at a distance of 3
armored vehicles shoots three cupcakes and
uses three dice whatever
range maximum combat distance
artillery has up to 6 cells and combat more
decreases every two hexes as well as
the calculation of combat force must be paid
attention to the terrain features on
which is the target of the attack for example
when firing at targets in the city of infantry
loses one die and tanks immediately 2
when combat power is determined
the player throws the required amount
cubes for each character squad
the target or character of a grenade it
the owner removes one figure from the squad
as soon as the squad is destroyed
completely the last figure is sent
track aggressor victory points also on
combat dice present symbol
stars
necessary for part of tactical maps and
a retreat icon for each such
badge target squad must retreat by
one step towards your edge playing
fields if the retreat is blocked
instead, the squad loses one combat
unit also some stationary
objects
for example the bunker allows you to ignore
the first flag thrown against him
when all orders are given
and battles are held the player takes away
card and passes the turn to the opponent’s side
the goal of the game party to dial specified in
scenarios number of victory points
can get them for destruction
enemy units
or grab and hold special
control points specified by the script
memories of the forty-fourth this
beautiful and very simple game about
war with perfectly detailed
miniatures
for those who have already outgrown this age but
still dreaming of playing soldiers
just a great option